Rename fatigue to sleepiness (#72708)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/MAGIC.md

`pain_split`           | Evens out all of your limbs' damage.
`pull_target`          | Attempts to pull the target towards the caster in a straight line.  If the path is blocked by impassable furniture or terrain, the effect fails.
`recharge_vehicle`     | Increases or decreases the battery charge of a vehicle or battery-connected power grid. Damage is equal to the charge (negative decreases).
`recover_energy`       | Recovers an energy source equal to damage of the spell.  The energy source is defined in `effect_str` and may be one of `BIONIC`, `SLEEPINESS`, `PAIN`, `MANA` or `STAMINA`.
`remove_effect`        | Removes `effect_str` effects from all creatures in the aoe.

> `remove_field`         | Removes a `effect_str` field in the aoe.  Causes teleglow of varying intensity and potentially teleportation depending on field density, if the field removed is `fd_sleepiness`.  (see `ter_transform` for more versatility)

Author: ```suggestion
`remove_field`         | Removes a `effect_str` field in the aoe.  Causes teleglow of varying intensity and potentially teleportation depending on field density, if the field removed is `fd_reality_tear`.  (see `ter_transform` for more versatility)
```
